a rescue George he was 2 years old he's
not just a friend he's family don't move
a muscle
are you crazy don't move very funny you
and I laughing at your joke new guy you
know bad he cry you can get up now and
check your diaper come on your message
about George he okay George it's okay is
it mirrors he considerably bigger no
he's definitely bigger need to find
someone who knows exactly what the hell
this thing is
I found her no that's a lie technically
she found us what's happening to my
friend are you familiar with genetic
editing changes would be incredibly
unpredictable increased strength George
speed agility
sails and chased Akane run Where's
George I need to see him he is dangerous
for me to turn the man
we've created the next chapter in
natural selection
project rampage works we've got another
one of your little science experiments
running around what do you mean
of course the wolf flies
this time we throw everything we can at
these things and give people the hell
out of that city let's go save the world
that's a big arm don't fight it
no there are other ways of dealing with
people I do know that yeah but that's
not fun
George okay ready to do this buddy